Add SQL memory best practices (#1284)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-install-prerequisites.md

  * You can have only one sync engine per SQL instance. Sharing a SQL instance with MIM Sync, DirSync, or Azure AD Sync *isn't supported*.
  * Maintain ODBC Driver for SQL Server version 17 and OLE DB Driver for SQL Server version 18 that are bundled with Microsoft Entra Connect. Upgrading ODBC/OLE DB drivers’s major or minor version aren't supported. Microsoft Entra Connect product group team will include new ODBC/OLE DB drivers as these become available and have a requirement to be updated.

> [!NOTE]

> > If your are installing SQL on the same server as Microsoft Entra Connect, we recommend to configure SQL to limit the maximum memory that it can use from the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're installing SQL on the same server as Microsoft Entra Connect, we recommend to configure SQL to limit the maximum memory that it can use from the system.
```

> > Follow [SQL best practices](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/server-memory-server-configuration-options?view=sql-server-ver16#recommendations) for memory configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Follow [SQL best practices](/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/server-memory-server-configuration-options?view=sql-server-ver16#recommendations) for memory configuration.
```
